{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green100\blue38;\red32\green32\blue32;\red153\green168\blue186;
\red173\green169\blue32;\red133\green96\blue154;\red86\green132\blue173;\red254\green187\blue91;\red88\green118\blue71;
\red197\green195\blue255;\red163\green114\blue184;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c74902\c39216\c14902;\csgenericrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c60000\c65882\c72941;
\csgenericrgb\c67843\c66275\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c52157\c37647\c60392;\csgenericrgb\c33725\c51765\c67843;\csgenericrgb\c99608\c73333\c35686;\csgenericrgb\c34510\c46275\c27843;
\csgenericrgb\c77255\c76471\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c63922\c44706\c72157;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 package \cf4 com.example.qrbarcodescanner\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 android.Manifest\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.content.DialogInterface\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.content.Intent\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.content.pm.PackageManager\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.net.Uri\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.os.Build\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.os.Bundle\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.Toast\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 androidx.annotation.\cf5 RequiresApi\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 androidx.appcompat.app.AlertDialog\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 androidx.core.app.ActivityCompat\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 androidx.core.content.ContextCompat\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 com.google.zxing.Result\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 me.dm7.barcodescanner.zxing.ZXingScannerView\cf2 ;\
\
import static \cf4 android.Manifest.permission_group.
\f1\i \cf6 CAMERA
\f0\i0 \cf2 ;\
\
public class \cf4 MainActivity \cf2 extends \cf4 AppCompatActivity \cf2 implements \cf4 ZXingScannerView.ResultHandler \{\
\
    \cf2 private static final int 
\f1\i \cf6 REQUEST_CAMERA 
\f0\i0 \cf4 = \cf7 1\cf2 ;\
    private \cf4 ZXingScannerView \cf6 scannerView\cf2 ;\
\
\
    \cf5 @Override\
    \cf2 protected void \cf8 onCreate\cf4 (Bundle savedInstanceState) \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onCreate(savedInstanceState)\cf2 ;\
\
        \cf6 scannerView \cf4 = \cf2 new \cf4 ZXingScannerView(\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
        \cf4 setContentView(\cf6 scannerView\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
        if \cf4 (Build.VERSION.
\f1\i \cf6 SDK_INT 
\f0\i0 \cf4 >= Build.VERSION_CODES.
\f1\i \cf6 JELLY_BEAN_MR1
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\
        \{\
            \cf2 if \cf4 (checkPermission())\
            \{\
                Toast.
\f1\i makeText
\f0\i0 (MainActivity.\cf2 this, \cf9 "Permission Granted!"\cf2 , \cf4 Toast.
\f1\i \cf6 LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 \cf4 ).show()\cf2 ;\
            \cf4 \}\
            \cf2 else\
            \cf4 \{\
                requestPermission()\cf2 ;\
            \cf4 \}\
        \}\
\
    \}\
\
    \cf2 private boolean \cf8 checkPermission\cf4 ()\
    \{\
        \cf2 return \cf4 (ContextCompat.
\f1\i checkSelfPermission
\f0\i0 (MainActivity.\cf2 this, \cf4 Manifest.permission.
\f1\i \cf6 CAMERA
\f0\i0 \cf4 ) == PackageManager.
\f1\i \cf6 PERMISSION_GRANTED
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 \}\
\
    \cf5 @RequiresApi\cf4 (\cf10 api \cf4 = Build.VERSION_CODES.
\f1\i \cf6 JELLY_BEAN_MR1
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\
    \cf2 private void \cf8 requestPermission\cf4 ()\
    \{\
        ActivityCompat.
\f1\i requestPermissions
\f0\i0 (\cf2 this, new \cf4 String[]\{
\f1\i \cf6 CAMERA
\f0\i0 \cf4 \}\cf2 , 
\f1\i \cf6 REQUEST_CAMERA
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 \}\
\
\
\
    \cf5 @Override\
    \cf2 public void \cf8 onResume\cf4 ()\
    \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onResume()\cf2 ;\
\
        if \cf4 (Build.VERSION.
\f1\i \cf6 SDK_INT 
\f0\i0 \cf4 >= Build.VERSION_CODES.
\f1\i \cf6 JELLY_BEAN
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\
        \{\
            \cf2 if\cf4 (checkPermission())\
            \{\
                \cf2 if\cf4 (\cf6 scannerView \cf4 == \cf2 null\cf4 )\
                \{\
                    \cf6 scannerView \cf4 = \cf2 new \cf4 ZXingScannerView(\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
                    \cf4 setContentView(\cf6 scannerView\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
                \cf4 \}\
                \cf6 scannerView\cf4 .setResultHandler(\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
                \cf6 scannerView\cf4 .startCamera()\cf2 ;\
            \cf4 \}\
\
        \}\
    \}\
\
    \cf5 @Override\
    \cf2 public void \cf8 onDestroy\cf4 () \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onDestroy()\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 scannerView\cf4 .stopCamera()\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 \}\
\
    \cf2 public void \cf8 displayAlertMessage\cf4 (String message\cf2 , \cf4 DialogInterface.OnClickListener listener)\
    \{\
        \cf2 new \cf4 AlertDialog.Builder(MainActivity.\cf2 this\cf4 )\
                .setMessage(message)\
                .setPositiveButton(\cf9 "OK"\cf2 , \cf4 listener)\
                .setNegativeButton(\cf9 "Cancel"\cf2 , null\cf4 )\
                .create()\
                .show()\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 \}\
\
    \cf5 @Override\
    \cf2 public void \cf8 handleResult\cf4 (Result result) \{\
        \cf2 final \cf4 String scanResult = result.getText()\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 AlertDialog.Builder builder = \cf2 new \cf4 AlertDialog.Builder(\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 builder.setTitle(\cf9 "Scan Result"\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 builder.setPositiveButton(\cf9 "OK"\cf2 , new \cf4 DialogInterface.OnClickListener() \{\
            \cf5 @Override\
            \cf2 public void \cf8 onClick\cf4 (DialogInterface dialog\cf2 , int \cf4 which) \{\
                \cf6 scannerView\cf4 .resumeCameraPreview(MainActivity.\cf2 this\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
            \cf4 \}\
        \})\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 builder.setNeutralButton(\cf9 "Visit"\cf2 , new \cf4 DialogInterface.OnClickListener() \{\
            \cf5 @Override\
            \cf2 public void \cf8 onClick\cf4 (DialogInterface dialog\cf2 , int \cf4 which) \{\
                Intent intent = \cf2 new \cf4 Intent(Intent.
\f1\i \cf6 ACTION_VIEW
\f0\i0 \cf2 , \cf4 Uri.
\f1\i parse
\f0\i0 (\cf11 scanResult\cf4 ))\cf2 ;\
                \cf4 startActivity(intent)\cf2 ;\
            \cf4 \}\
        \})\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 builder.setMessage(scanResult)\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 AlertDialog alert = builder.create()\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 alert.show()\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 \}\
\}\
\
\
+ xml\
+packages\
+onRequestPermissionResult\
as seen in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otkz5Cwdw38\
\
}